# Problem to solve

As a developer, I can kick off a new run of the crew by providing the
following information:

- requirements: the path to the project requirements folder
- pid: the path to the product initiative to refine
- overwrite: boolean. If true, the pid file will be overwritten,
  otherwise a new one will be created next to the pid file.

# Proposed solution

The crew run should be limited to a simple crewai agent that will print the
paths provided as arguments.
The arguments should be validated, and the application should exit with an error
if the arguments are not valid.

# Requirements criteria

The `requirements` folder can contain both directories and files.
Each subfolder in requirements may contain one or multiple files.
Each file must be in markdown.
Each file describes either an initiative or a task.
A file describes an initiative if either:

- it is a child of `requirements` or
- it has the same name as the subfolder it belongs to

Otherwise, it describes a task.
Each task file must be named after the task it describes and start with the
number of the task (sequentially: 1, 2, 3, ...).

In a subfolder, there should always be one file with the same name as the
subfolder, serving as the main file for the requirements.
Then, there may one or multiple files describing the tasks that need to be
done to fulfill the requirements.
The paths provided as arguments should exist on the file system and be markdown
files.
Paths can be relative or absolute.
Error messages should be easy to understand.
A template for a pid can be found README.md file in the root of the project.

# Technical requirements

The application should be written in Python 3.13.
It should use CrewAI to orchestrate the crews.
It should be a command line application.

# Acceptance criteria

When overwrite=false and creating a new file next to the pid file, append the
date `YYYY-MM-DD` to the file name.
The application should be executed with the following command:
`product-crew -r requirements_path -pid pid_path [--overwrite]`
Task file names should be sequential, following the numbering of the tasks 
and with format `[number]_[task_name_in_snake_case].md` where `[number]` 
follows the format `0[number]` if the number is less than 10, and format 
`[number]` otherwise.
The crewai agent should print the paths provided as arguments as raw strings.
Validation of the arguments should be limited to the following:
- the requirements path must exist
- the pid path must exist
- the pid file must be a markdown file

Otherwise, the application should exit with error code 1
